You can have this.
They erode the bones.
Looks like we're going to be together
for quite a while, so it'd be nice if you smoked too.
Fine, I'll smoke one.
And this will be the only one I smoke with you.
Yay! Let me light it up for you.
Pushing a minor to smoke. You're the worst.
What? You're underage?!
Yes.
Then of course you shouldn't be smoking.
Give it back.
I'll keep this one for you.
When you grow up and need
something to lean on, I'll give it to you again.
The Ghost Devil has no eyes, so it can only sense fear.
That's what Himeno told me.
Himeno,
I'll be joining you soon.
Snake!
Don't kill her.
Kobeni, why did you stay in the Bureau?
Because our bonuses are coming up.
Ew!
What?! It's just meat.
Pig, cow, or human, it's all the same.
It's completely different.
Our job is to catch the samurai-sword dude.
Don't go eating him when we get him!
Why, you!
They haven't noticed us.
Keep it quiet.
My name is Power!
Huh?!
I can beat these lot.
Fight me!
Denji, follow me!
Watch my back!
How's this?!
What say you?!
I'm not running away!
Is this not a noble and beautiful fight?!
That is a powerful one.
Look well, Denji!
And tell everyone!
How Power is the strongest of all!
Well, if it isn't Mister Sideburns!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
How about we talk a bit first?
What?!
We're thinking of maybe surrendering depending on how you would treat us.
We just want to resolve this anger within us.
Denji, you killed these guys' comrades and my grandpa.
We'd like you to make amends for that.
I only killed them after
they'd already turned into zombies.
Don't lie to us!
Uneducated fools like you lie without even thinking!
But anyway,
even if what you're saying is true,
zombies used to be humans.
Don't you feel anything about killing them?
Nothing at all.
Sawatari did things to me too.
My heart was replaced with the Sword Devil.
But even like this,
I couldn't sleep after I killed a zombie by mistake.
But you, you seem to have lost all of your humanity.
If you have a modicum of human conscience left,
you should just let us kill you.
Nah.
I see.
Then I'll just have to cut you down!
Let's see you try, dumbass!
What?!
What's the matter, weren't you gonna cut me or something?
Drop dead!
Shit.
You're doing a bit better than last time.
What are you fighting for, Denji?
To protect my new way of life.